Nobel Systems, a leading provider of smart technology solutions for water utilities, has received the prestigious President’s “E” Award for Exports in the 2023 Presidential Awards for Export Achievements.
On June 7, 2023, Nobel Systems received the prestigious President’s “E” Award for Exports, which is the highest recognition any US entity can receive for making a significant contribution to the expansion of US exports. The award was presented by US Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo at a ceremony in Washington, DC, along with 23 other companies and organizations that demonstrated a sustained increase in export sales over four years.
“Nobel Systems has demonstrated a sustained commitment to export expansion. The “E” Awards Committee was impressed with Nobel Systems’ doubling of export sales over the past four years. The company’s use of government resources to support market expansion and overcome trade barriers was also particularly notable,” said Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo in her congratulatory letter to the company.  
Nobel Systems was nominated for the award by Eduard Roytberg, Director of the US Department of Commerce’s US Commercial Service – Inland Empire, who praised the company’s unwavering dedication to international expansion and remarkable expertise in navigating the complexities of exporting. Roytberg said: “This well-deserved recognition exemplifies our region’s commitment to advancing America’s global competitiveness. On behalf of our office, I extend our warmest congratulations to Mr. Michael Samuel and the entire Nobel Systems team!”
Michael Samuel, President and CEO of Nobel Systems, expressed his gratitude for the honor and credited his team for their hard work and innovation. “It is with great pride and joy that I share with you the incredible news of our company’s achievement: winning the prestigious President’s E Award for Exports. This extraordinary recognition is a testament to the unwavering dedication, hard work, and exceptional talent exhibited by our entire team. Receiving the President’s E Award is not merely an honor; it is an indication of the global impact of our organization and the unwavering commitment we have made to expand our horizons beyond borders. This award underscores our relentless pursuit of excellence in exporting and acknowledges our significant contributions to the growth and prosperity of our nation’s economy.” 
Michael, together with his wife Audrey and his daughter Aretha, attended the event to personally receive the award at the Herbert C. Hoover Department of Commerce Building in Washington, D.C.
If you are interested in learning more about Nobel Systems and how GeoViewer can help you with your operations management needs, please contact info@nobel-systems.com. 
Visit our website for more info:https://nobel-systems.com/
